in the nomination are presented
Maxim Averin
and broke the glass
I agreed
it could have written a song long ago
Oleg Voloshin
hc f
V.Shenderovich
Further
moreover, when exactly
they depict g
Alexander
Karamazov brothers
shown in mode
at
for example
first blast
Sergey Pea
Karamazov brothers
such
shows second producer
the plane with their father killed my blow
the head of the jury
still unknown person
all a little effort
UAH per euro
premium for
Victoria Tolstoganov
every evening
Secondly because I speak for them
wondered why i'm four years a year
he notes
percent
Naumenko March that is, in the photo Marlene
Nevertheless, the UAH estimate I want to say that
Passing it now that I hand over to Jsc
chairman nomination because
this 3
nominee
three beautiful actors and
she answer herself because of 2
ugkts alister with two out of three and i don't you
Visited to act in films and they were alone
of the most
unforgettable experiences and I am very
I am sick of a visa
for both greeted with a voice Alexander was
by fire
I didn't have to
work on the street i'm hoping that he
fine the actors therefore became
beautiful 3
person know what else i can add
that he wasn't at all
I somehow understood it very acting
the format in which darkness was filmed
and now i'm responsible
understand what it is and
I hope that he
f it is almost all the same brighten
impressions she
last night because project a
hard labor and this
the ancients even have no words that is a common experience
while the debtor
and I hope that
he got up
Well
new lover of his work stuffing order
moreover yet on television was
popular and beloved men now
probably
parties not long ago
She despite this not because already
now
speaker
Well, what exactly I did not work with him
Alexander Pigev
I don't say anything either
but to say that someone is a percentage
you know g
I would have divided the broth difficult, it is very much
little rite because
percentage of unaccountable large amount
people
I would have failed
I value there even
feeling of fear
thank you so much for her
thank you so much to all the people who
are engaged
it seems to me now
there were some
let's explain something not together
it turns out
exactly sections and then all the compositions